{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;
\red8\green77\blue230;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Ian Wallace <wallacei@blueyonder.co.uk>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Re: Routledge Encyclopedia\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 October 3, 2012 6:38:50 PM EDT\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Tobias Boes <Tobias.Boes.1@nd.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Dear Professor Boes,\
I am now able to send you the information you require the four images which are to be included with my piece on Lion Feuchtwanger:\
\
Image 1\'a0- Photograph of Lion Feuchtwanger by Florence Homolka (undated) \'a0\
Image 2 - Photograph of Villa Aurora by Boris Schaarschmidt (2007).\
Image 3 - Photograph of Lion Feuchtwanger with his secretary Hilde Waldo at work in his study at Villa Aurora, Pacific Palisades (unknown photographer, undated).\
Image 4 - Photograph of Lion Feuchtwanger with cat by Florence Homolka (undated).\
\
With best wishes,\
Ian Wallace\
\
On 27 Sep 2012, at 13:03, Tobias Boes wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Dear Professor Wallace,\
\
We have now concluded the first round of editorial reviews for your\'a0
\i Routledge Encyclopedia\'a0
\i0 piece on Lion Feuchtwanger. Your entry is excellent and will not require any substantive revisions. However, I've pointed out a few minor formatting matters using the review pane of Microsoft Word. \'a0Please attend to these concerns and then hit "Accept all changes." \'a0You may also find a couple of questions and suggestions towards the end of the article. Once I have received your revised version, I will pass it on to the publisher.\
\
A final note especially about bibliographic questions: I know the Routledge style guide is confusing, and some of the changes that you are now asked to make may directly contradict information that I supplied earlier. \'a0Unfortunately, it would appear that the style guide is still a work in progress. \'a0The requested revisions reflect my understanding of the current consensus among the editorial board. \'a0Again, however, the changes that you are asked to make are minor, and should not require more than 20 minutes of your time.\
\
With best wishes,\
Tobias Boes\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
---\
Tobias Boes, Ph.D.\
Assistant Professor of German Language and Literature\
Faculty Fellow, Nanovic Institute for European Studies\
University of Notre Dame\
\
Mail: 318 O'Shaughnessy Hall, Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA\
Office: 302 Decio Hall\
\
Tel. (574) 631-7188\
Fax. (574) 631-4268\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://germanandrussian.nd.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 germanandrussian.nd.edu}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tobiasboes.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 www.tobiasboes.net}}\
<Feuchtwanger_Wallace.doc>\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf3 Professor Ian Wallace\
2 Madeira Road\
Clevedon BS21 7TJ\
UK\
Tel.: 01275 545852\
Mobile: 07910412992\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf3 \
}