{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red8\green77\blue230;
\red28\green58\blue104;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Stephen Dowden <dowden@brandeis.edu>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Fwd: Broch Archive\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 September 25, 2012 11:24:41 AM EDT\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Tobias Boes <Tobias.Boes.1@nd.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\
---------- Forwarded message ----------\
From: 
\b Repp, Kevin
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:kevin.repp@yale.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 kevin.repp@yale.edu}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Mon, Apr 9, 2012 at 11:53 AM\
Subject: RE: Broch Archive\
To: Stephen Dowden <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dowden@brandeis.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 dowden@brandeis.edu}}>\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs30 \cf5 Dear Professor Dowden,
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 Many thanks for your note. Beinecke can supply scans for the project, though we do not control copyright. For details of our policy, including credit line information, please see our website. The direct link is:
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.library.yale.edu/beinecke/brblresearch/copyright.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs30 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.library.yale.edu/beinecke/brblresearch/copyright.html}}
\f1\fs30 \cf5 .
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs30 \cf5 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 As for choosing an image, we have a number of shots that might be suitable in the Digital Library. Please have a look there first. If you find anything you like, take note of the Image ID number, which we will need for ordering a copy. If you decide you would like the title page from the 
\i Schlafwandler
\i0  or something else that we do not currently have scanned, let me know.
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 Best regards,
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 Kevin Repp
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \

\f1\fs30 \cf5 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 From:
\b0  Stephen Dowden [mailto:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dowden@brandeis.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 dowden@brandeis.edu}}] \uc0\u8232 
\b Sent:
\b0  Sunday, April 01, 2012 11:52 AM\uc0\u8232 
\b To:
\b0  Repp, Kevin\uc0\u8232 
\b Cc:
\b0  Tobias Boes\uc0\u8232 
\b Subject:
\b0  Broch Archive
\f0\fs24 \
\'a0\
\
Dear Mr. Repp,\
\'a0\
I used to work often with Christa Sammons, but now that she is retired I am not sure who to turn to with a question about the Broch Archive. I am writing a brief essay on Broch for the digital \ul Routledge Encyclopedia of Modernism\ulnone . We are encouraged to submit visual materials when possible.\
\'a0\
Could the Beinecke contribute a suitable image of Broch or perhaps an image the first edition of \ul Die Schlafwandler\ulnone ? If so, please let me know exactly how the credit should read.\
\'a0\
Many thanks.\
\'a0\
Steve Dowden\
\'a0\
PS: A word about the project:\'a0The\'a0\ul Routledge Encyclopedia of Modernism (\ulnone REM) is an online comprehensive resource that will provide definitions and essays on terms associated with modernism and the avant-garde in the fields of music, dance, theater, film, architecture, poetry, prose, philosophy, social theory, and the visual arts. \'a0Its scope will be global and it will reach across whatever spans of time necessary to include everything that can be considered to fall under the rubric of modernism. \'a0All entries will be signed and peer reviewed. \'a0The REM will be a multi-media work and will include images, videos, music files and the like in addition to text. \'a0Its general editor is Stephen Ross at the University of Victoria.\
--\
Stephen D. Dowden, Chair\
German, Russian, and Asian Languages and Literatures\
MS024 Brandeis University\
415 South Street\
Waltham, MA 02540-9110\
tel. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:781.736.3218"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 781.736.3218}}\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\
\
-- \
Stephen D. Dowden, Chair\
German, Russian, and Asian Languages and Literatures\
MS024 Brandeis University\
415 South Street\
Waltham, MA 02540-9110\
tel. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:781.736.3218"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 781.736.3218}}\
\'a0\
\
}